Feat(Cortex XSOAR/content): Add SEKOIA.IO integration (#19928)
demisto/content: Packs/SEKOIAIntelligenceCenter/Integrations/SEKOIAIntelligenceCenter/README.md

Fetch Indicator and Observables from SEKOIA.IO Intelligence Center.
To use this integration, please create an API Key with the right permissions.

> This integration was integrated and tested with version 2.20220712 of SEKOIAIntelligenceCenter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration was integrated and tested with version 2.20220712 of SEKOIA Intelligence Center
```
